Implement Compass E2E test using external solution (#6669)
kyma-project/kyma: tests/end-to-end/external-solution-integration/README.md

11. Send an event to the Application Gateway. 
12. Verify if the call from the lambda reached the test service.

> ## Compass E2E Scenario

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Compass end-to-end scenario
```

> This scenario uses Compass to register application and it's APIs / Events.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This scenario uses Compass to register an Application and its APIs and Events.
```

### Steps

> When you run the test, these actions are performed in the order listed: 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The test performs the following actions:
```

> 1. Add runtime that is tested to default scenario in Compass.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Adds the tested Runtime to the `DEFAULT` scenario in Compass.
```

> 2. Register Application with API and Event in Compass.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Registers an Application with API and Event in Compass.
```

> 3. Create an ApplicationMapping CR for the created application in the `compass-e2e-test` Namespace.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. Creates the ApplicationMapping CR for the created Application in the `compass-e2e-test` Namespace.
```

> 4. Deploy a lambda function in the `compass-e2e-test` Namespace.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
4. Deploys a lambda function in the `compass-e2e-test` Namespace.
```

> 5. Start a test service in the `compass-e2e-test` Namespace. The lambda function calls it when it receives an event.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
5. Starts a test service in the `compass-e2e-test` Namespace. The lambda function calls it when it receives an event.
```

> 6. Connect an application through the Application Gateway with client certificates using Compass. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
6. Connects the Application through the Application Gateway with client certificates. 
```

> 7. Create ServiceInstances for ServiceClasses registered by Compass Runtime Agent (one for API and one for Event services).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
7. Creates ServiceInstances for ServiceClasses registered by Compass Runtime Agent (one for API and one for Event services).
```

> 8. Create a ServiceBinding for the API ServiceInstance.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
8. Creates a ServiceBinding for the API ServiceInstance.
```

> 9. Create ServiceBindingUsage CR of that binding for the deployed lambda function. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
9. Creates the ServiceBindingUsage CR of that binding for the deployed lambda function. 
```

> 10. Create a Subscription for lambda function, so it is subscribed to the events exposed by the application.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
10. Creates a Subscription for the lambda function, so that it is subscribed to the events exposed by the Application.
```

> 11. Send an event to the Application Gateway. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
11. Sends an event to the Application Gateway. 
```

> 12. Verify if the call from the lambda reached the test service.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
12. Verifies if the call from the lambda reached the test service.
```

### Environment variables

> Test requires following environment variables:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The test requires the following environment variables:
```

> | Env name | Description |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Environment variable name | Description |
```

| --- | --- |

> | `DEX_SECRET_NAME` | Name of Kubernetes secret in which dex user credentials are stored | 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `DEX_SECRET_NAME` | Name of the Kubernetes Secret which stores Dex user credentials | 
```

> | `DEX_SECRET_NAMESPACE` | Namespace of Kubernetes secret in which dex user credentials are stored |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `DEX_SECRET_NAMESPACE` | Namespace of the Kubernetes Secret which stores Dex user credentials |
```

> | `DIRECTOR_URL` | Compass Director URL (shouldn't end with `/graphql`) |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `DIRECTOR_URL` | Compass Director URL. The URL should not end with `/graphql`. |
```
